[docs] Changed manual on how to run docs locally (#9708)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/LOCAL_DEV.md

# Running a site with the documentation locally.

- Clone repo firstly.

- Free 80 port to bind.

- Install werf.

> - Open console and running documentation and site containers with one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open console and run documentation and site containers with one of the following methods:
```

>   - The first method — open two consoles and run containers using the Makefile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **The first method** — open two consoles and do the following steps.
```

    1. In the first console run:
		
    ```shell
    cd docs/documentation
    make up 

>     ```

Reviewer: @mortelumina98 Please add indent with three spaces to the code block here and in the similar cases below

    2. In the second console run:

    ```shell
    cd docs/site
    make up 
    ```
	
	For development mode use `make dev` instead:
	
    1. In the first console run:
  
	  ```shell
    cd docs/documentation
    make dev
    ```
	
    2. In the second console run:
	
	  ```shell
    cd docs/site
    make dev
    ```
	

>   - The second method — open console and run containers in a single iteration using Makefile in the root of the repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **The second method** — open console and run the necessary containers in the root of the repo:
```

   
    ```shell
    cd deckhouse
    make docs
    ```
	
    For development mode use `make docs-dev` instead:
	
	  ```shell
    cd deckhouse
    make docs-dev 
    ```
	
- Open <http://localhost>.

> Don't forget to stop documentation and site containers by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To stop the running containers use the following command:
  - For the first method (in the each console):
    ```shell
    make down
    ```
  - For the second method:
    ```shell
    make docs-down
    ```
```
